Yves: I'm here to eat some food~
Chuu: This restaurant is very crowded~
Yves & Chuu: Thanks for the food~
(How does Hong Kong dumpling taste like?)
Yves: (Of course) Dumpling taste!
Chuu: Dumpling taste!
Yves: It's like a dumpling marinated with soy sauce!
Yves: Delicoius!
Yves: I ate it all~
(Drinking cola to get rid of a little bit greasy taste)
(R.I.P Hong Kong Dumpling)
(Doing some sightseeing after the meal!)
Yves: Look, there are so many Chuu, 1, 2, 3
(Pigs are not connected with LOOΠΔ's own universe (maybe))
Yves: (Including Chuu) 8 pigs
Chuu: (Including Yves) 9 pigs~
Yves: It's violence!
Yves: Chuu and Yves are back!
Chuu: I think it will be hard to pick suitable videos for LOOΠΔ TV because we took a lot of videos
(Anyway, it's time to take a selfie!)
(That selfies would be beautiful because they're beautiful...)
(And they are holding each other's hair)
Chuu: Look!
Chuu: Do you think it's a good footage for LOOΠΔ TV?
(Judgement is up to Orbit....)